Inner/Outer Stairs translation in external mods (#2584)
minetest/minetest_game: game_api.txt

 * `worldaligntex`: A bool to set all textures world-aligned. Default false. See [Tile definition]
 * `full_description`: Overrides the description, bypassing string concatenation. This is useful for translation. (optional)

```
stairs.register_stair_and_slab(subname, recipeitem, groups, images, desc_stair, desc_slab,

> 	sounds, worldaligntex, desc_stair_outer, desc_stair_inner)

Reviewer: Reorder to: inner, outer

```

 * A wrapper for stairs.register_stair, stairs.register_slab, stairs.register_stair_inner, stairs.register_stair_outer
 * Uses almost the same arguments as stairs.register_stair
 * `desc_stair`: Description for stair nodes. For corner stairs 'Inner' or 'Outer' will be prefixed unless

>  	you set arguments `desc_stair_outer` or `desc_stair_inner`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 	`desc_stair_outer` or `desc_stair_inner` are specified, which are used instead.
```

>  	`desc_stair_outer` or `desc_stair_inner` are specified, which are used instead.

Reviewer: Reorder to: inner, outer

 * `desc_slab`: Description for slab node
 * `desc_stair_outer`: Description for outer stair node

>  * `desc_stair_inner`: Description for inner stair node

Reviewer: Reorder to: inner, outer
